LTRCCT-3001/4_TaskBot_Code.md, before:

---
title: 'Lab 4: Creating a Task Bot using Code'
---

# Table of Contents
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Tools we will be using](#tools-we-will-be-using)
  - [Vocabulary](#vocabulary)
  - [Use Cases](#use-cases)
  - [Training](#training)
      - [Creating Entities](#creating-entities)
      - [Creating an Intent](#creating-an-intent)
  - [Creating Responses](#creating-responses)
  - [Testing Initial Bot Logic](#testing-initial-bot-logic)
  - [Preparing for the API calls](#preparing-for-the-api-calls)
  - [Launch Flow Builder](#launch-flow-builder)
    - [Congratulations, you have completed Lab 4 tasks!](#congratulations-you-have-completed-lab-4-tasks)

# Introduction
In this portion of the lab, we will be configuring the bot itself.  We have three different use cases that we are going to complete so that we can take some of the load off of our customer service team.  We will be collecting information, deciding if we need to handoff to an agent, making API calls, and relaying information back to the user.

## Tools we will be using
- Postman
- Bot Builder
- requestcatcher.com
- jsonpathfinder.com
- mockapi.io
- Webex Connect Flow Builder

## Vocabulary 
- Intents - Triggers that you bot will respond to
- Utterances - Training phrases that will map to Intents
- Entities - A kin to variables for running tasks. 
- Slots - Entities that are used in Intents.
- Responses - Follow up to either get additional information regarding an entity or a response to an intent. 

## Use Cases
1. Check if an item is in stock
   - Entities:
     - Stock Item: Custom list: Widget, Bobble
     - Color: Custom List: Green, Red, Yellow, Blue, Purple, Silver, Orange
    - Intent:
      - Check Stock
    - Utterances:
      - Do you have green bobbles?
      - Do you have red widgets?
2. Change my order
   - Entities:
     - Email address (we already asked for this)
     - Order number (string)
   - Intent: 
     - Update Order
   - Utterances:
     - be creative 
   - Let's assume that an agent will need to work with the customer after we gather the Entities 
3. Check shipping status 
   - wergfergerg

## Training
- Click Training <img src="images\Lab4_Training_menu.PNG" height="25">
#### Creating Entities 
- Select Entities
- For Each Entity:
  - Click Create Entity
    > Name: name of entity (don't use spaces)
    >
    > Entity Type: pick data type
    >
    > If using a Custom List:
    >
    >> Populate the list with values.
    >> 
    >> Add any Synonyms that are necessary
    
    ---

#### Creating an Intent
- Select Intents
- Click Create Intent
  > Name your intent (Example: Check Stock)
  >
  > Add uterances 
  >
  >> Create a phrase similar to what a user might enter.
  >>
    >>  In the Slots section:
    >>
    >>> Click link entity 
    >>>
    >>> Select any entities that you will use for this intent
    >>>
    >>> Click the **Required** checkbox if they are required
    >>>
    >>> Select or create a new **Template Key** (Will be used to prompt for missing information)
    >>
    >
    > Click on words which represent **Entities** 
    >
    > <img src="images\Lab4_Map_Entity.gif">
    >   
    >In the **Response** Section Click on final template key
    >> Select or create a Template key which will be used to respond to the intent once required slots are filled. (Example: Lookup Item)
    >
- Toggle reset slots after completion to True
- Click Save.
- Click Train and supply a reason for training.

    ---

## Creating Responses
-  Click Responses <img src="images\Lab4_Responses_menu.PNG" height="25"> 
- Locate the templates which you created for entity slot filling 
  - Add some responses that will prompt the customer to enter in the connect information. (Example: Which Color?)
- Open [Variable Documentation](https://help.imiconnect.io/docs/response-designer#list-of-common-response-variables) in a new tab.
- Locate the template which you created to respond to your intent
  - Populate the response with the Entities and Intents that you will be using as variables. (Example: ${entity.Color} ${intent})
- Click Update
- Click Make Live

  ---

## Testing Initial Bot Logic
- Click back to the training section
- Click Preview
- Test your bot by using training phrases.
    
  ---


## Preparing for the API calls
- Launch Postman
- Import the lookup for Widgets and Bobbles
  - curl --location --request GET 'https://629f77cc8b939d3dc2987fa4.mockapi.io/api/v1/Widget?color=red'
  - curl --location --request GET 'https://629f77cc8b939d3dc2987fa4.mockapi.io/api/v1/Bobble?color=red'
- For each cURL:
  > File > Import > Raw test
  >
  > Paste the cURL command into the text area
  >
  > Click Continue
  >
  > Click Import
  > 
  > Click Send in Postman
  >
  > Open a new browser tab to [JSON Path Finder](https://jsonpathfinder.com)
  >
  > Copy the entire JSON payload from Postman 
  >
  > Paste the payload into the left pane of JSON Path Finder
  > 
  > Click the stockcount node on the right side of the screen and copy the path
  >
  > Replace the leading x with $


## Launch Flow Builder 






---

### Congratulations, you have completed Lab 4 tasks! 

<script>
function mainPage() {window.location.href = "https://wxcctechsummit.github.io/wxcclabguides/LTRCCT-3001/4_TaskBot.html";}
function nextLab() 
 {
 window.location.href = "https://wxcctechsummit.github.io/wxcclabguides/LTRCCT-3001/5_CCAI.html";
 }
</script>

<div id="button-row">
<button onclick="mainPage()" style="
  border-radius: 5px;
  background-color: rgb(116,191,75);
  padding: 10px;">Go to the Previous Lab</button>

<button onclick="nextLab()" style="
  position: absolute;
  right: 200px;
  border-radius: 5px;
  background-color: rgb(116,191,75);
  padding: 10px;">Go to the Next Lab</button>

</div>

Commit message:

Lab4 added name in greeting

LTRCCT-3001/4_TaskBot_Code.md, after:

---
title: 'Lab 4: Creating a Task Bot using Code'
---

# Table of Contents
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Tools we will be using](#tools-we-will-be-using)
  - [Vocabulary](#vocabulary)
  - [Use Cases](#use-cases)
  - [Training](#training)
      - [Creating Entities](#creating-entities)
      - [Creating an Intent](#creating-an-intent)
  - [Creating Responses](#creating-responses)
  - [Testing Initial Bot Logic](#testing-initial-bot-logic)
  - [Testing Your Bot via Live Chat](#testing-your-bot-via-live-chat)
  - [Preparing for the API calls](#preparing-for-the-api-calls)
  - [Launch Flow Builder](#launch-flow-builder)
    - [Congratulations, you have completed Lab 4 tasks!](#congratulations-you-have-completed-lab-4-tasks)

# Introduction
In this portion of the lab, we will be configuring the bot itself.  We have three different use cases that we are going to complete so that we can take some of the load off of our customer service team.  We will be collecting information, deciding if we need to handoff to an agent, making API calls, and relaying information back to the user.

## Tools we will be using
- Postman
- Bot Builder
- requestcatcher.com
- jsonpathfinder.com
- mockapi.io
- Webex Connect Flow Builder

## Vocabulary 
- Intents - Triggers that you bot will respond to
- Utterances - Training phrases that will map to Intents
- Entities - A kin to variables for running tasks. 
- Slots - Entities that are used in Intents.
- Responses - Follow up to either get additional information regarding an entity or a response to an intent. 

## Use Cases
1. Check if an item is in stock
   - Entities:
     - Stock Item: Custom list: Widget, Bobble
     - Color: Custom List: Green, Red, Yellow, Blue, Purple, Silver, Orange
    - Intent:
      - Check Stock
    - Utterances:
      - Do you have green bobbles?
      - Do you have red widgets?
2. Change my order
   - Entities:
     - Email address (we already asked for this)
     - Order number (string)
   - Intent: 
     - Update Order
   - Utterances:
     - be creative 
   - Let's assume that an agent will need to work with the customer after we gather the Entities 
3. Check shipping status 
   - wergfergerg

## Training
- Click Training <img src="images\Lab4_Training_menu.PNG" height="25">
#### Creating Entities 
- Select Entities
- For Each Entity:
  - Click Create Entity
    > Name: name of entity (don't use spaces)
    >
    > Entity Type: pick data type
    >
    > If using a Custom List:
    >
    >> Populate the list with values.
    >> 
    >> Add any Synonyms that are necessary
    
    ---

#### Creating an Intent
- Select Intents
- Click Create Intent
  > Name your intent (Example: Check Stock)
  >
  > Add uterances 
  >
  >> Create a phrase similar to what a user might enter.
  >>
    >>  In the Slots section:
    >>
    >>> Click link entity 
    >>>
    >>> Select any entities that you will use for this intent
    >>>
    >>> Click the **Required** checkbox if they are required
    >>>
    >>> Select or create a new **Template Key** (Will be used to prompt for missing information)
    >>
    >
    > Click on words which represent **Entities** 
    >
    > <img src="images\Lab4_Map_Entity.gif">
    >   
    >In the **Response** Section Click on final template key
    >> Select or create a Template key which will be used to respond to the intent once required slots are filled. (Example: Lookup Item)
    >
- Toggle reset slots after completion to True
- Click Save.
- Click Train and supply a reason for training.

    ---

## Creating Responses
-  Click Responses <img src="images\Lab4_Responses_menu.PNG" height="25"> 
- Locate the templates which you created for entity slot filling 
  - Add some responses that will prompt the customer to enter in the connect information. (Example: Which Color? Or Which Item?)
- Open [Variable Documentation](https://help.imiconnect.io/docs/response-designer#list-of-common-response-variables) in a new tab.
- Locate the template which you created to respond to your intent
  - Populate the response with the Entities and Intents that you will be using as variables. (Example: ${entity.Color} ${intent})
- Locate the Greetings template
  - Update the response to include ${consumerData}
    - We will make some adjustments during the testing

- Click Update
- Click Make Live

  ---

## Testing Initial Bot Logic
- Click back to the training section
- Click Preview
- Test your bot by using training phrases.
    
  ---

## Testing Your Bot via Live Chat
- Go to your website and launch a new chat
- Fill in the form values 
  - Note the Greeting is giving you all of the consumerData
    - Find where the Name which you provided in the form is shown
    - Go into the Bot Builder and update the Greeting Response to say "Hello [name that you provide], how can I help you today?
    - Click update and then Make Live in the upper corner of the Bot Builder
    - In the website chat, send teh message Hello
      - Did you see your new response?
- Test your bot using your training phrases
  
  ---

## Preparing for the API calls
- Launch Postman
- Import the lookup for Widgets and Bobbles
  - curl --location --request GET 'https://629f77cc8b939d3dc2987fa4.mockapi.io/api/v1/Widget?color=red'
  - curl --location --request GET 'https://629f77cc8b939d3dc2987fa4.mockapi.io/api/v1/Bobble?color=red'
- For each cURL:
  > File > Import > Raw test
  >
  > Paste the cURL command into the text area
  >
  > Click Continue
  >
  > Click Import
  > 
  > Click Send in Postman
  >
  > Open a new browser tab to [JSON Path Finder](https://jsonpathfinder.com)
  >
  > Copy the entire JSON payload from Postman 
  >
  > Paste the payload into the left pane of JSON Path Finder
  > 
  > Click the stockcount node on the right side of the screen and copy the path
  >
  > Replace the leading x with $


## Launch Flow Builder 






---

### Congratulations, you have completed Lab 4 tasks! 

<script>
function mainPage() {window.location.href = "https://wxcctechsummit.github.io/wxcclabguides/LTRCCT-3001/4_TaskBot.html";}
function nextLab() 
 {
 window.location.href = "https://wxcctechsummit.github.io/wxcclabguides/LTRCCT-3001/5_CCAI.html";
 }
</script>

<div id="button-row">
<button onclick="mainPage()" style="
  border-radius: 5px;
  background-color: rgb(116,191,75);
  padding: 10px;">Go to the Previous Lab</button>

<button onclick="nextLab()" style="
  position: absolute;
  right: 200px;
  border-radius: 5px;
  background-color: rgb(116,191,75);
  padding: 10px;">Go to the Next Lab</button>

</div>
